Some life goals and stories learned about how to be succesful:
Piano, violin
drawing and paiting
photography
Vector calculus and general math exploration
EM, waves
Short stories
cool math and physics/ chemistry videos!
research videos and explanations
python learn interactive physics and games
python for research
unity for videos games
sports, upper body strength and flexibility
TOG, get batipsed right (repent), holy ghost

Ok this whole Idea of being succesful I don't really like, we are succesuful in the things 
invest our time in so in some way we are succefull in everythin we put our time in, 
we might not be good at it but we did it right. 

So who can I be more "succesful", well the since key point is watch TOG videos in the morning
it reallly set the stage for a good morining, 
in the afternoon I would be good to go outside and do some excersice
At the end of the day, just be honest with your self and say hey I really don't feel like doing this but I would like to doit, so how due I continue. 
Motivation, I really seems weird to ask but I did, I guess the best way to motivate your self is to think why you are doing the stuff you are, what are the benefits of doing so and what will help you in the future. 

Self asses, what is making you not want to do it. 
I know for a fact that math can be confusing and hard and physics aswell so I've bee putting it off because I can't understand it quickly enought.
So, ok what can I do to make this process esear of more enjoyable, 
I can ask question to my professors, I can think of the reasons why I want to learn the things that I do (research and quatum computers), 
I just emailed David about cool stuff he might have in mind, I don't really have a steady plan for anything... but this keeps me going I need to have a vision in mind. 
En general think about why you are learning the things your trying to learn, what can motivate 
you, what people you can connect to, what metal and physical stuff you can do to become better
what is making you life worse (not putting a time limit on the videos or not having a vision, schedule). That all was been good. 

June 18,2020
Well I was able to learn somethings about git and github,witch was much needed. 
I was able to contact David to see if he had any projects going on, and wow he is really pushing his mind, was is really cool is that he as been open to make a radio trasmiter which is really cool, I find that this is really interesting. Also I should ask about the "diode" in the fox hole radio works. Today I'm going to to work for 3 hours at Julies house, man her bambu is growing like crazy. 
Hope I can learn more about electronics and how use them, also radios are so cool. 
I hope to learn morea about unity and blender and hope to make some cool assets I can sell for college. 
I need to put some effort in help Carson out somehow. Yeah, and today we have TOG premier, Acamaro stop being so dumb, don't hat your self but don't put excusses to your self either. Stribe to be better every day. 

